Root node of each tree is always a dac~

Connections are created moving 'up' the patch from sink (dac~) to source (adc~ or sfplay~). Therefore, on patch creation, 
we first connect an object to a dac~, then for every inlet that object has we create a new object to connect to it. When the 
tree depth is large enough, we may force only terminals (audio sources) to be used to connect to objects.

Connections are made between a patch's root and it's children nodes. Therefore, a patch's connection list provides
information containing each connection made from one of the patch's children to its root including the child's outlet
number, the root's inlet number, and the type of connection. During GA ops, it is important for syntactic correctness that
we are able to get a patch's output types and its input types (so we know where we can cross or what restraints there are on 
mutation). To get a patch's output types, one only need to ask every child what its root's output type is (since we only
allow one output type). To get a patch's input types, we need to ask every child what its possible root input types are (the
difference here being that each inlet may accept multiple types and all should be considered). The 'actual' connection types
are not important because once a connection is severed in a patch it may be the case that a different connection type will
replace it.


* FULL method really isn't FULL since we require syntactic correctness, but it means we only use a terminal when it is absolutely necessary either due to syntactic correctness OR a depth limitation

* in genops tests, we see some 'straight lines' meaning that a lot of randomly generated patches produce the same audio...what audio is this? well, either sine or square or sawtooth waves
OR silence. We fight against silence when producing patches, since we know the silence sim value for each test (simply run silence through and determine the value of similarity) and thus do not allow
these patches by creating new patches and inserting them into the mix, but this may slow down typical gen ops from working as effectively as possible, since we often end up just generating random patches.
We filter out in the gen_ops tests on both ends, b.c. if we don't allow silence patches, then the 'neighbors' really should be the randomly generated patches to show what chances we have
at progressing well. 

Sphere inside (-1,-1,-1) to (1,1,1) has diameter 2, so even though distance across cube is sqrt(12), we should consider scaling factor as 2.
sqrt(2^2*20) = 4sqrt(5)
sqrt(2^2*8) = 4sqrt(2)


FUTURE WORK:
Make note that we are pitch agnostic and therefore the resultant patches may have different pitch. If we want to be able to use synth alg on a keyboard or such with MIDI mapping, we could either
simply determine pitch shift if producer is periodic, transpose, or build pitch into fitness function where we penalize patches that shift pitch of sound.